The Book → Match → Track section is very close now. Do not redesign it or change any styling/copy.

I recorded the current behavior and there is one remaining structural issue:

The phone stays sticky correctly during Book, but as Match enters, the entire phone begins scrolling upward and leaves the viewport.

This is NOT primarily an IntersectionObserver timing issue. Please inspect the DOM/CSS structure and fix the sticky containing block.

1. Fix the sticky structure

On desktop, the structure should conceptually be:

ProductJourneySection

→ journeyGrid

→ LEFT COLUMN containing all three steps

Book
Match
Track

→ RIGHT COLUMN containing one single sticky phone

The right-side phone must be a sibling of the entire three-step left column — not contained inside the Book step or any wrapper whose height ends before Match/Track.

The parent containing the left steps + right phone should naturally span the full combined height of Book + Match + Track.

The phone should remain sticky until that entire parent ends.

Please specifically inspect for any ancestor of the sticky phone that has:

overflow: hidden
overflow: auto
overflow: scroll
a fixed/max height that ends early
transform
filter
contain: layout
contain: paint

Any of those may be creating the wrong sticky containing context.

Do not globally remove overflow styles. Only correct the Product Journey structure if necessary.

2. Vertically center the phone instead of guessing a top offset

Rather than continuing to tune arbitrary values like top: 100px, make the sticky phone area occupy the usable viewport below the navigation.

Conceptually:

.phoneSticky {
  position: sticky;
  top: var(--header-height);
  height: calc(100vh - var(--header-height));
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
  align-self: start;
}

Adapt this to the project's existing CSS/Tailwind setup.

The result I want is:

The phone remains in exactly the same vertical position while Book, Match and Track scroll past it.

Only after Track is finished should the phone naturally scroll away with the section.

Do not animate the physical phone's Y position between stages.

3. Make stage activation based on the viewport center

The current activation timing is close, but instead of loosely triggering when a step enters the viewport, determine which Book/Match/Track step is closest to the vertical center of the viewport.

Conceptually:

const viewportCenter = window.innerHeight / 2;


activeStep = steps.reduce((closest, step) => {
  const rect = step.getBoundingClientRect();
  const stepCenter = rect.top + rect.height / 2;
  const distance = Math.abs(stepCenter - viewportCenter);
  // choose the step with the smallest distance
});

Implement this efficiently using the project's existing React patterns and requestAnimationFrame if necessary.

This should make the relationship feel exact:

Book text closest to center → Book screen

Match text closest to center → Match screen

Track text closest to center → Track screen

Avoid adding a new dependency.

4. Make the screenshot transition slightly quicker

The current transition feels just a fraction behind the scroll.

Make the screenshot crossfade roughly 220–280ms instead of a slower 400–500ms transition.

Keep it subtle:

opacity fade
maximum ~4–6px vertical motion if already present
no movement of the actual phone
5. Correct the screenshot positioning inside the phone

The supplied screenshots are essentially the same aspect ratio:

approximately 0.46 width : height

Do not crop them to force them into a generic device ratio.

Make the inner screen area match the source screenshot ratio and preserve the complete screenshot:

no object-fit: cover cropping
use the original image aspect ratio
object-fit: contain or natural sizing
no additional arbitrary top/bottom crop
no stretching
even bezel spacing around the screen

The black device frame should be built around the screenshot rather than forcing the screenshot into an incorrectly proportioned frame.

The existing screenshot files themselves should NOT be edited.

Desired behavior

When scrolling:

BOOK

Book text approaches center
phone is centered on the right
Book screen shown

↓

MATCH

Book text scrolls away
phone does not move
Match text approaches center
screen quickly crossfades to Match

↓

TRACK

phone remains in identical position
Track text approaches center
screen quickly crossfades to Track

↓

After Track finishes:

the sticky behavior ends naturally
the phone leaves with the Product Journey section

There should never be a point between Book and Track where the active text is visible but the phone has already scrolled out of view.

Scope

Make the smallest possible frontend-only change.

Do not modify:

hero
navigation
product copy
colors
fonts
section styling
screenshots
APIs
backend
booking
matching
tracking backend
Clerk
Stripe
database

Do not commit, push, deploy or publish.

Afterward, tell me:

What was causing the sticky phone to stop early.
Which files changed.
What CSS/React logic was changed.
Confirm the phone now stays fixed through all three stages.
Confirm no backend or product functionality was modified.